[general]
name=Shape Tools
qgisMinimumVersion=3.4
description=Shape Tools is a collection of geodesic shapes and tools. Create ellipse, line of bearing, pie wedge, donut, arc wedge, polygon, star, ellipse rose, hypocyloid, polyfoil, epicycloid, radial line, and heart shapes. Tools include "XY to Line" tool, densify lines and polygons along geodesic paths, geodesic line break, geodesic measuring and create a measurement layer, geodesic scale, rotate, flip and translate tools, and digitize points at an azimuth & distance tools.
version=3.3.13
author=C Hamilton
email=adenaculture@gmail.com
about=Shape Tools is a collection of geodesic shapes and tools. Shape Tools is installed in the Vector menu.
    "Create Shapes" processes a point vector layer to create ellipses, pie wedges, donuts, arc wedges, lines of bearing, polygons, stars, ellipse roses, hypocyloids, polyfoils, epicycloids, radial lines, and hearts based on the table's fields and other parameters.
    "XY to Line" uses pairs of coordinates from each record to create geodesic lines. 
    "Geodesic Line Break" breaks lines at the International Date Line. 
    "Geodesic Densifier" creates geodesic lines and polygons by adding additional vertices along geodesic paths within the shape. 
    "Geodesic distance & Time Decimation" remove points or vertices from a point or line layer using geodesic distances or time.
    "Geodesic Measure Tool" measures distances using the WGS 84 ellipsoid and includes the bearing or heading between points. It will even saves the measurements as a layer.
    "Geodesic Measurement Layer" converts a polygon or line layer a new layer with all geometries measured and labeled.
    "Geodesic Transformation Tool" can scale, rotate and translate any shape.
    "Geodesic flip & rotate tools" provide geodesic flip and rotation vector feature transformations.
    "Azimuth, Distance Digitizer" digitizes points based on a clicked point, an azimuth and distance or creates a geodesic line from a clicked point to an azimuth and distance.
tracker=https://github.com/NationalSecurityAgency/qgis-shapetools-plugin/issues
repository=https://github.com/NationalSecurityAgency/qgis-shapetools-plugin
tags=ellipse,pie,donut,bearing,polygon,star,rose,hypocyloid,polyfoil,epicycloid,heart,xy to line,geodesic line,geodesic polygon,densifier,densify,decimate,decimation,simplify,measure,measurements,azimuth,distance,digitize,line split,international date line,surveying,resize,scale,rotate,flip,translate
homepage=https://github.com/NationalSecurityAgency/qgis-shapetools-plugin
category=Vector
icon=images/shapes.png
experimental=False
deprecated=False
hasProcessingProvider=yes
changelog=
    3.3.13 - Force shape creation to 0-360 degree range when crossing the -180/180 boundary
    3.3.12 - Add radial lines shape
    3.3.11 - Bug fix in settings
    3.3.10 - Added geodesic decimation and time decimation.
    3.3.9 - Snapping enabled in Azimuth Distance Digitizers.
    3.3.8 - Snapping was added to geodesic measurement tool.
    3.3.7 - Added exact coordinate entry in measurement tool.
    3.3.6 - Added Chinese language support
    3.3.5 - Added the ability to quickly copy geodesic measurement values onto the clipboard.
    3.3.4 - Moved all shapes to processing only and added the option to include input point geometry into the output table of the created shapes.
    3.3.3 - Added inches and centimeters for units of measure in all the respective tools.
    3.3.2 - Bug fix.
    3.3.1 - Added geodesic flip & rotation tools
    3.3.0 - Added geodesic transformation tool
    3.2.4 - Changed ellipse algorithm to be geodesic and made other minor improvements
    3.2.3 - Added max segment length in densifier processing dialog
    3.2.2 - Fix in geodesic densifier for badly formed lines and polygons
    3.2.1 - Added historical ellipsoids
    3.2.0 - Added multi-azimuth/distance digitizer & geodesic measurement layer
    3.1.2 - Bug fix
    3.1.1 - Added arc wedge shape and now support more ellipsoids for measurements.
    3.1.0 - Added geodesic line break, and added some shape creation to processing.
    3.0.10 - Bug fix
    3.0.9 - Added break lines at date line for XY to Line.
    3.0.8 - Added pie azimuth mode to allow center azimuth and width. Bug fixes.
    3.0.7 - 'XY to line' tool moved to processing.
    3.0.6 - Geodesic measure tool color now selectable, Geodesic densifier moved to processing
    3.0.5 - Made number of points in pie wedge arc selectable & measure tool bearing coordinate range selectable
    3.0.4 - Added CRS selection for the output layer of the "Create Shapes" tool.
    3.0.3 - Expanded geodesic densifier geometry support
    3.0.2 - Added save to layer for measure tool
    3.0.1 - New azimuth, distance digitize tool
    3.0.0 - First QIGS 3.0 release
